[ui] add docs for @expo/material-symbols (#45929)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v56.0.0/sdk/ui/jetpack-compose/icon.mdx

import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import { ComponentDiagram } from '~/ui/components/Diagram';

> An icon component for rendering Android XML vector drawables in Jetpack Compose. The recommended source is [`@expo/material-symbols`](https://github.com/expo/material-symbols/tree/main/packages/expo-material-symbols) — it ships Google's [Material Symbols](https://fonts.google.com/icons) as individual asset subpaths, so Metro only bundles the icons you actually import. For other styles (rounded, sharp, filled) or custom axes, the package's [`add-material-symbols`](#custom-styles-via-add-material-symbols) CLI downloads any variant directly into your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An icon component for rendering Android XML vector drawables in Jetpack Compose. The recommended source is [`@expo/material-symbols`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/material-symbols) — it ships Google's [Material Symbols](https://fonts.google.com/icons) as individual asset subpaths, so Metro only bundles the icons you actually import. For other styles (rounded, sharp, filled) or custom axes, the package's [`add-material-symbols`](#custom-styles-via-add-material-symbols) CLI downloads any variant directly into your project.
```

use https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/material-symbols link

<APIInstallSection />

> To use Material Symbols icons, also install the companion package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install [`@expo/material-symbols`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/material-symbols) if you want to use the Material Symbols collection from a package. This is optional; you can also [add your icon XMLs](#custom-styles-via-add-material-symbols).
```

maybe share the step is optional

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Same as previous.

$ npx expo install @expo/material-symbols
```

## Usage

### Basic icon

> Import any icon directly from its own subpath — each icon resolves to a Metro asset that `Icon` can render natively.

Reviewer: we should clear state that "import" is only for `@expo/material-symbols`. local icons should use require

```tsx SizedIcon.tsx
import { Host, Icon } from '@expo/ui/jetpack-compose';
import Settings from '@expo/material-symbols/settings.xml';

export default function SizedIcon() {
  return (
    <Host matchContents>
      <Icon source={Settings} size={48} contentDescription="Settings" />
    </Host>
  );
}
```

### Custom styles via `add-material-symbols`

`@expo/material-symbols` ships the **outlined** style with default axes. When you need a different style (`rounded`, `sharp`), a filled variant, or custom weight, grade, or optical size, use the `add-material-symbols` CLI to fetch specific drawables straight from Google Fonts into your project.

```bash
# Download icons by name (defaults: outlined, weight 400, 24px)

> $ npx add-material-symbols star home

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npx @expo/material-symbols star home
```

suggest use `npx @expo/material-symbols`. we should consider if people don't have @expo/material-symbols installed in local project

# Rounded style
$ npx add-material-symbols --style rounded star home

# Sharp + filled
$ npx add-material-symbols --style sharp --fill favorite

# Paste a URL from fonts.google.com/icons to preserve the axes you picked there
$ npx add-material-symbols "https://fonts.google.com/icons?selected=Material+Symbols+Outlined:check_box:FILL@1;wght@300;GRAD@0;opsz@24"
```

| Option                | Description                                | Default    |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
| `-o, --output <dir>`  | Output directory                           | `./assets` |
| `-s, --style <style>` | Icon style: `outlined`, `rounded`, `sharp` | `outlined` |
| `-f, --fill`          | Use the filled variant                     |            |
| `-w, --weight <wght>` | Weight: `100`–`700`                        | `400`      |
| `-g, --grade <grad>`  | Grade: `-25`, `0`, `200`                   | `0`        |
| `--opsz <size>`       | Optical size: `20`, `24`, `40`, `48`       | `24`       |

> The CLI writes ready-to-use XML vector drawables into your project. Load them with `require()` (or a static `import`) and pass them to `Icon`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI writes ready-to-use XML vector drawables into your project. Load them with `require()` (or a static `import`) and pass them to `Icon`.
```

does local custom icon support `import`?
